---
layout: post
title: Omega is out!
---

On Monday, Capcom released the 1.04 balance patch for Ultra Street Fighter IV along with the free Omega DLC and updated trials for all 44 characters. I almost didn't play at all since I was busy writing the move lists for Raviolist, first with the help of a Japanese .pdf (some names were a chore to convert for romanization), then with another document that was fortunately including all the correct Latin transliterations.

Although I did test all of that new tech in training mode to get a feel of Omega, I must say I'm not sure I understood it all! There's quite a bunch of parries I classified as such but probably have very different properties, and I still can't figure out how to perform Boxer's EX Turn Punch. It makes me wonder if I should add more comprehensive notes to Raviolist, where you could click a [+] button next to the move's name to expand its informations. User created notes would probably be the best idea.

What really surprised me is how different some characters play, to the point that I'm seriously considering maining them online, but only through Omega edition. Decapre is such a character. She not only became a non-charge character, but she got tons of fantastic new moves with the change! On the other hand, a charge character I really liked playing was Dee Jay, but it feels so weird now that there's no charge timing involved in his specials anymore. Dirty Dee Jay can now mash his problems out. Since I like to fight for the points in Ranked matches, I don't see myself constantly switching from both versions of the same character anyway, it would definitely mess my game up.

I'm really glad about the updated trials too, they're always good execution practice and it's sometimes the only thing I do when I launch the game. I don't know, I just need an excuse to play with my stick. I was stuck around 90% with the old trials, hopefully I will beat that score!
