---
layout: post
title: Introducing Raviolist
---

Hello! I'm Luka and you can follow me on my brand new [@lukafaxx](https://twitter.com/lukafaxx) Twitter account. I'm passionate about a lot of things, but I thoroughly enjoy video games and watching fighting games tournaments. I was sitting in the front rows at the recent Tokyo Game Show when Pepeday won the Mad Catz event! I do play the Street Fighter series on a regular basis.

## What is Raviolist?

Raviolist is a collaborative project about presenting the move lists of all the characters from as many fighting games as possible.

"But those lists already exist on SRK/EventHubs/my game manual!" you cackled. Well, it's all about being the best solution out there for this specific purpose. The content of Raviolist aims to be the most accessible and, in the future, the most comprehensive. So when you want knowledge about a certain move in a fighting game, you know that you can use Raviolist to find what you need.

We're in alpha stage with only very few move lists right now, but Raviolist will evolve, both in its content and at its core. For example, the inputs are currently displayed in text form but when I will know exactly what shorcuts and images could be needed for better visualization, this might change. The people want damage output data, some character strategy notes, a page for Super Smash Bros. for Wii U? Surely we can arrange that! Growing popularity means growing motivation to implement all the things you fancy.

## Yo, where's the app?

Didn't I just tell you that we're in alpha stage? Jk, I got you covered.

* Android

If you are reading this on Chrome, push your menu button and click 'Add to homescreen'. Bam, you now have a fully functional app with a sweet icon and everything. It acts like a native app would, requires no permission and more importantly at this stage of development, will always be up-to-date (because it's basically Chrome going online in smooth fullscreen mode).

* iOS

It should work in a similar fashion on Safari but I can't test it. Let me know!

In the future, I will probably release a free/no ads offline app. I simply need to wait for more content and less constant updates.

## I want to participate!

Since Raviolist is a collaborative project, I also want you to participate! Raviolist can only become what you wish it would be if you contribute to its development. There are two ways you can help Raviolist to become da bess.

* GitHub (requires some Git knowledge)

Raviolist is a [public GitHub repository](https://github.com/lukafaxx/raviolist/) where everyone is able to send pull requests. In this case, you can submit the .yml file for any character from any fighting game that hasn't been completed yet, and I'll review it in no time so Raviolist can quickly become as comprehensive as possible. 300 people can complete ~30 full games by doing only 3 characters each.

* Twitter

In any case, let's follow each other on Twitter so we can talk! If needed, I'll tell you how you can do the GitHub thing without GitHub (and it's very simple). I do need to build my Twitter account, so don't hesitate to contact me!
