---
layout: post
title: 10 days in
---

Hello, [@lukafaxx](https://twitter.com/lukafaxx) here! Raviolist launched 10 days ago, I thought a post would be a good idea. Besides, there are some great gaming news I would like to talk about.

## Street Fighter V is a thing!

<div class="embed-container">
<iframe src="//www.youtube.com/embed/KIOMBc6E_MQ?rel=0&amp;showinfo=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

A wild trailer appears in which we can witness a fight between Ryu and Chun-Li in the streets of Hong Kong. At 0:56, we can get a glimpse of some guard crush mechanic, reminiscent of Alpha 3. And of course, Ryu seems happy to throw not one but two (?) Denjin Hadouken, his signature move from 3rd Strike. The first one at 0:52 looks like your common Super/Super Art move, but I'm pretty sure he screams Denjin Hadouken again at the end of the video after the cancelled cr.MK, when a way more Ultra-esque animation starts. It might be a flashy edit, we can only speculate.

I like the graphics, especially the black and blue ink effects around the characters! Do all characters have a different one? Is this some kind of stance, you activate the effect and your moves have different properties?

Anyway, the online will allow PC players to play against PS4 ones and that's quite exciting. Having played SF4 on most platforms (game centers, 360, PS3 & PC) and in different regions, I think comparing and understanding the skill disparity between communities to be very interesting!

Although the game isn't supposed to come out anytime soon, an exhibition will take place during the Capcom Cup, one of the most hyped majors of the year and in any case, the last one.

## Capcom Cup 2014

Take a look at the list of the players that will compete for the title of USF4 World Champion during the Capcom Cup on December 13th. The prize pool for the top 3 is $50,000.

* Luffy, France - Rose
* Daigo Umehara, Japan - Evil Ryu
* Bonchan, Japan - Sagat
* Infiltration, South Korea - Akuma... maybe
* Momochi, Japan - Ken
* Snake Eyez, USA - Zangief
* Xian, Singapore - Gen
* Ryan Hart, UK - Sagat or Yun
* Fuudo, Japan - Fei Long
* Justin Wong, USA - Rufus
* Ricky Ortiz, USA - Rufus
* Valmaster, France - Chun-Li
* PR Balrog, USA - Boxer or Evil Ryu
* Nuckledu, USA - Guile or Decapre
* Nishikin, Japan - Blanka
* ChuChu, Brazil - Chun-Li or Sakura

16 players and a good chance that we will be seeing at least 13 different characters, that's a really good testament about balance in this game! I will be rooting for Daigo. I'm always rooting for Daigo. I hope Daigo will notice me.

By the way, Capcom should release USF4 Omega Mode as a free DLC in the following days (hours? it was rumored to come out on the 14th, dunno).

## As for Raviolist

Thanks to the contributions of awesome people, Raviolist has a few completed games under its belt! 3rd Strike was mostly the work of [@Herschel](https://twitter.com/Herschel), and the KOF13 set was done entirely by [@mormagooch](https://twitter.com/mormagooch). Development is progressing nicely, and I should be adding images for input visualization soon, hopefully this month.

I will wait a bit more before promoting Raviolist everywhere, I think it's important to complete USF4 (and probably Omega Mode) so the web app can have a "present days" reason to be used. Guilty Gear Xrd is in my radar too. I wish I could play this game right now, it looks beautiful.
